hey guys welcome to another video review
on Bonnie and iPhone calm as usual mo
Marcin today's video review is sponsored
by Maximo who among other things make
high-end headsets for the iphone and
other mp3 players today's video review
is going to be of the case-mate naked
case for the iphone 3g so I'm sure this
on the close-up camera i'm going to talk
about the details of this case all right
guys here we go the naked case for the
iphone 3g and for you guys for those of
you that watch my reviews regularly
you'll know that the only case that I've
ever given a 10 out of 10 rating is the
naked case and house for the original
iphone i really like the way the design
of this one that of course or some other
there's some other cases out there
they're full full plastic cases and when
I mean what I mean by that is plastic
cases that also cover the screen as well
but for some reason I just think the I
think the case went for the old iphone
was really did a really good job and it
was real snug and had a good enclosure
in the back a lot of the things that I
really really liked about it I really
didn't have any complaints besides the
fact that you know it didn't have a
didn't come with the whole city's depart
the review i did of it didn't have a
holster I think they were working on
that though so for that I the naked case
for the iphone 3g i had to say i'm not
as optimistic as positive with this
review today and it's really two big
issues and one of them is a really big
issue and I'll go into that in a second
let me just go and show you the clothes
you've seen the case already i'm showing
it to you but all the ports and the
cutouts are pretty open I've heard that
some headphone plugs don't quite fit
into this opening but I haven't had any
problems with that so we got the real
big openings the pretty deep so I don't
think you could damage your it met kind
making kind of damage at all with those
because they're really the plastic on
the edges with real thick and the bottom
is completely exposed right there and
you and there's a hole for the home
button right there now as you can tell
them the light this thing gets a lot of
finger prints pretty easily like the
iphone does as well and it kind of does
scratch up a little bit too in your
pocket to behave with keys and stuff the
cases get scratched up pretty easily but
the point of the case in my opinion
this type of cases just to protect your
phone from getting scratches and not the
case so I can live with that but the one
thing I did notice how was different
about this this naked skin case make a
case that was different from the other
one is that it has a little bit more of
a there's more of a gap in between the
case in the phone like there's more room
before the the older naked case was
really snug but I can kind of pinch the
sides of the phone I could feel it had
to some play in it and so the bad thing
about there is that there's that means
there's a little more room between the
phone and the case and so sometimes I'll
get dust or particles or just stuff
that's inside of it really easily it
gets in there because the case isn't
real snug it hard and I've also heard
some people complain about the
sensitivity of the screen and I haven't
had really any issues many serious
issues with the screen be intensive at
all and to be honest with you I actually
have a screen protector on my phone
right now underneath this plastic screen
so definitely not recommended to be
doing it that way i wouldnt recommend
keeping the screen but there you don't
need the screen protector because this
protective screen but i'm also testing a
screen protector i want to take it off
but um you know that's underneath this
and it still works OH you want the
screen protector underneath this of
course would be even better and a lot
more senses if you didn't do it that way
but it you know I'm just letting it what
does work is that so so the one thing
that I have about it was it has a little
bit more of a gapper so not an underused
to be second issue I have with this this
case is a more serious issue and that is
it is it's caused damage to my to my
iphone and as you can see you're gonna
show you the side view if they get the
camera I'm sorry so you see this little
the snap enclosure here it's a really
good enclosure it's it's real snug it
doesn't not allow by it doesn't by
accident open up or anything that so
it's really to snap but the probably
been having is that the edges of the
stings because of the curve of the
iphone the way it's curved down on the
side like that it's actually cutting
into the back of my iphone Kate the back
of the of the iphone and of course you
with the original iphone it was aluminum
which was an issue it's not that easy to
scratch it up but um let me show you
here obviously now it's a plastic back
it's a lot easier to scratch and so
if you can see it be hard to get a
closer to this and of course my phone is
full of fingerprints let me show you
here pop it out see that line right
there it goes all its back that is a
full scratch on the back of my iphone
right there and I'm not just talking
about oh not the scratching buff odd no
that's a scratch I could run my nail
through it I can feel it hitting it as
I'm running my no past it especially
really deep right here right on the very
bottom part can't reach you from an
angle but you can kind of see you can
see right there see that line so this is
actually causing damage the back of my
phone I mean granted you know it is a
plastic back but I tested under plastic
cases that haven't scratched up and the
reason is doing this because of this
edge right here one of this edge on this
side is real sharp so as you're slightly
I remember I'm taking this off of my
phone a few times this which is why it's
scratches got worse but when you slide
it when you swipe in it it's just barely
touch it where everybody gets to the
edge of it it has to devote piece right
here has to be pushed underneath this
piece right here so when you push it
down they just cuts right into the
iphone snaps into place so that's really
upsetting that's the first scratch I've
got on my phone I'm pretty particular
about my devices in being and having
wear and tear my flat phone there had
barely any scratches I always have a
case on which is the whole point keeping
the case is to prevent scratches from
happening to the iphone but this case
actually is causing the scratch that
happen so you know I'm not going too big
of a deal about it I mean it is really
small not that obvious but I still think
it's something to mention to those of
you if you're in love with you stuff as
I am that would probably annoy the heck
out of you and it that annoys the heck I
mean I'm definitely not gonna put this
case back on my phone so for that reason
that's probably the biggest negative i
have to say about the phone but i'd like
to hear about other people that they
also have this case i'm sorry phone
Crime this case if you have a naked case
and you don't have this issue please
post a comment on my youtube channel or
on the web
cited by many iphone calm and let me
know I'm not sure this is an isolated
thing I may be a lot people having
issues with this or maybe you know I
don't know maybe it's just my case that
has this rough edge on the this piece
right here and at that moment has i
think if i had a white iphone the boy
back iphone probably didn't be able to
notice it but I can definitely
indifferent see itself so please post
posting comments of you in this case if
you've had the same type of issues and
maybe this is something that case make
improve on but you know if there wasn't
for the discretion of the back and maybe
a little bit of the gap between the
phone in the case of looseness I still
think it's an awesome case i love the
fact that it is protected with the
screen is plastic it's really hard thick
plastic it's probably a little bit maybe
a little bit thicker than a screen
protector or maybe harder at least and
it isn't the rubber each will smooth so
as far as that the touch of its real
similar to maybe how the iphone feels
the glass scream at them but that's
going to get so that's a naked case by
case mate for the iphone 3g so thanks
for watching another video review on by
McCann that calm